[ES-48] Add multikey signer content (#35)
PegaSysEng/doc.ethsigner: docs/Concepts/Multiple-Key-Files.md

# Store Multiple Key Files

> Each account that signs transactions requires a key. EthSigner supports [multiple keys](../Tutorials/Multifile.md) that can be stored in:

Author: Done

> Each account that signs transactions requires a key file. EthSigner supports [multiple key files](../Tutorials/Multifile.md) that can be stored in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each account that signs transactions requires a key file. EthSigner supports [multiple keys](../Tutorials/Multifile.md) that can be stored in:
```

Author: Done

> Each account that signs transactions requires a key file. EthSigner supports [multiple key files](../Tutorials/Multifile.md) that can be stored in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each account that signs transactions requires a key. EthSigner supports [multiple keys](../Tutorials/Multifile.md) that can be stored in:
```

Author: Done

> * A V3 keystore file stored on a file system accessible by the host.

Author: Done

* [Hashicorp Vault](../HowTo/Store-Keys/Use-Hashicorp.md).
* [Azure Key Vault](../HowTo/Store-Keys/Use-Azure.md).

> Each key requires a separate [TOML file](../Reference/Multikey-Parameters.md) which defines the parameters to access the key. The TOML files must

Author: Done

> be placed in a single directory specified using the [`multikey-signer`](../Reference/CLI/CLI-Syntax.md#multikey-options) subcommand.

Author: Done

> !!! note

Author: Done

>     New files can be dropped into the directory without needing to restart EthSigner.

Reviewer: Similarly, files can be removed without needing to restart EthSigner

> The TOML file name must use the format `[<prefix>]<accountAddress>.toml`. 

Author: Done.
